How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The diff utility helped me to quickly track down which lines have changed.  
    This is very useful when the files being compared have hundreds of lines.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If you need to make similar changes, you can look through the history of the
    file to see how it was done before and be less likely to miss a necessary
    step.  It's also easy to revert the file to a previous stable version.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: You can commit when you get to a logical stopping point
          You can have a stable version to revert to if the changes are not working out
    Cons: That stopping point may involve a lot of changes in the code
          You can clutter up the history if you commit too often

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Version control systems like Git saves files that are edited with external
    editors, so you can change multiple files and commit them together.  Systems
    like Google Docs use their internal editor, so you can edit only one file at
    a time and cannot specify associations between files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Use git log to see the history of changes in the repository, including the
    commit ID, author, date, description of changes made.  Use git diff to see
    what changed between two versions of files in two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control makes it easier to experiment and make changes because
    you can always revert to a previous stable version of the repository.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To version control the files for xmoppet.org because I'll be converting them
    to use HTML5 and CSS3, and possibly also JavaScript, jQuery and JSON.
